You really expect me to believe
that you can see ghosts?
Help me…
I'll say the same thing.
I have never known
the woman in your dream.
So she's not my mother.
Do you want to know
whether she was or not?
Why would you ask that?
She's right next to you now.
Seriously?
Yeah.
-Be serious.
-I'm serious.
Left
or right?
You can't see her,
but I can see her clearly…
Please. I'm scared enough
to be stuck here.
Please go somewhere else.
Uh…
Mr. Warat.
It seems like she wants you
to help free something.
Ugh.
Please help free us first.
Okay, so if she helps free us from here,
we'll help her too, right?
Then please let me out first.
Hey! Don't promise things recklessly.
Are you crazy?
Is that clear?
I ran into a bit of trouble,
but I'm almost home. Tell Mom for me.
Come on. Stop yelling.
We'll talk when I get home.
Your family seems really close.
There are only three of us. If we don't
love each other, who else would?
But don't change the subject.
Let's figure out
how we could help Ms. Mysterious.
We? I don't think so.
Sounds more like just you.
How can you say that?
She helped you get out too, not just me.
So we're both responsible together.
I'll dedicate merit to her.
What's wrong with you?
You keep changing the subject.
Look, just because
I tolerate listening to you
doesn't mean I believe you 100%.
I have to see it with my own eyes
before I'll believe it's real.
Okay.
Then I'll tell Ms. Mysterious
to go see you tonight, so you can believe.
-You'll see her with your own eyes.
-No need.
Oh?
Then what do I have to do for you
to believe and agree to help her?
I already told you I'll make merit.
Thank you for bringing me home.
-Is this your house?
-Yes.
Uh, I'm an orphan.
-Mama Toi, hello.
-Hello.
-Oh.
-Come on.
-This is Mama Toi, the owner of the house.
-Oh.
Mom, this is Mr. Warat, the owner of
-the Vanich residence that I work for.
-Oh.
Then please come inside.
It's okay. It's late. I shouldn't
trouble you. I'll be going now.
Thank you.
Hurry up. Have you eaten yet?
-Kluay, why didn't you tell me you'd come?
-Hey.
Well, Mrs. Wanee suddenly
called me in for an urgent meeting.
Then don't you have a phone?
Why didn't you call me?
Well… why do you sound like
you didn't want me to come here?
Go see the Chairwoman.
I'll wait. Call me when you're done.
Don't go anywhere until you see me. Okay?
-Got it?
-Alright.
Why does it have to be this serious?
Ugh, go. I'll walk you there.
Is something wrong, Som?
-Oh.
Arnon, hello.
-Oh, hello.
-Hello.
-Oh, are you here on business?
-Yes.
-And you, Som?
-Uh…
-Oh no, I'm out of time. We'll talk later.
-Okay.
Arnon is a top lawyer here.
He works for Mr. Warat.
Let's go. Hurry.
There's nothing.
Tell me now.
I'm here.
-Why did it take so long?
-Well…
I had to sneak out of the meeting.
I had to make it look like
I didn't have outside business.
I mean the information I asked you
to find, why did it take so long?
One day is long?
Every time in the past,
no matter what I asked you,
even if you didn't have the info,
you always tried to find something for me.
For example, the dog food.
I wanted to do it,
you didn't have info,
so you took me to a veterinary hospital.
Or stocks.
You didn't have info,
but you found basic financial statements
for me to read.
But it's strange.
When it comes to my mother,
you go silent and keep dodging it.
Because this is more complicated
than anything we've dealt with.
I think you should sit down first.
After your mother passed away,
Mrs. Wanee took you into the main house
and dismissed all the staff,
a complete overhaul.
And there was no news in the papers
since she never spoke to the media.
There's only this,
news about Mr. Wichan, your father.
And the wedding news?
A famous heir, yet the wedding
was kept completely quiet.
What about that wedding photo?
Like I told you,
it's more complicated than you think.
The woman in the photo is not your mother.
So who is she?
And why do you keep dreaming of her?
I forgot to tell you.
Last night, I was trapped
in the rose arbor house with a woman…
named Kluay.
Is my grandson alright now?
Yes. Mr. Warat has calmed down a lot.
I'm glad the rose arbor house
wasn't demolished.
Sooner or later,
it would've been demolished anyway.
I'm just buying time now
because I don't want trouble with Warat.
Thank you for helping us.
If I wanted you
to stay and continue helping after
our contract ends, what would you say?
I…
Thank you very much, Mrs. Wanee.
But I already have a new project lined up.
Of course.
Everyone wants to hire
someone as talented as you.
But if there's anything
you need help with, just let me know.
I'd be happy to help.
It's like you can read my mind.
How did you know
I was just about to ask for your help?
Come in.
You called for me, Mom?
Stunned, huh?
Won't you say anything
about Kluay's mysterious sense?
I think things like spirits
or superstition
are pretty normal these days,
nothing exciting.
Except…
something you encountered.
Kluay encountered it. I didn't.
Well, what about your dreams?
Alright. Let's do it both ways.
We investigate
the real facts on one front,
and let that Ms. Mysterious
or whatever, help on the other.
I really thought you weren't nonsensical
like most old people.
-Guess I was wrong.
-Whoa, whoa.
Thank you very much.
Then why did you bother telling me
all this if you think it's nonsense?
I just wanted you to know that
I'm not the only one
experiencing strange things.
That woman has to be
connected to me somehow.
That's why we need her help.
-A ghost, you mean?
-Exactly.
No way. That's ridiculous.
Mr. Warat.
Because you already agreed
to help us with the work.
Jirasin's engineering role
is to oversee technical
and construction matters
for all Vanich Group projects.
And that includes the landscape work
that you're currently in charge of.
Kluay already agreed
that she's willing to work with us.
Well then, that's great.
Thank you very much.
Jirasin is like an adopted son to me.
Helping him means helping me as well.
Are you that stressed?
Sin.
What's the rush? Stay and talk.
I thought you didn't recognize me.
You were so quiet earlier.
Uh, Sin…
I think
we should stop here.
Let's just go our separate ways.
We already are going our separate ways.
You're the one
who had the nerve to come work here.
Good.
I'll finally settle the score.
Karma's caught up with you, you murderer.
Wow.
So this is the Chairwoman's favorite?
I never thought
you'd be so crude toward a woman.
Mr. Warat, Kluay and I know each other.
If you don't believe me, ask her
how we know each other.
Dare to say it, Kluay?
What a gentleman.
Looks like it's time to let Grandma
see just how gentlemanly you are.
-Let's go see Grandma.
-Hey.
Please stop. I don't want any trouble.
Why?
Why be afraid of someone like this?
There's nothing scary about him at all.
Mr. Warat, watch your words.
Even if you're Mom's grandson,
you don't get to belittle people.
Mom?
You say that so easily.
Since when did my grandmother
ever count you as her child?
Mr. Warat, don't despise me so much.
You and I aren't that different.
We're both kids with no parents,
living off Mrs. Wanee's charity.
-But I'm not like you.
-How so?
Stay confident like this forever then.
Jirasin!
-Get back here right now.
-Mr. Warat.
-Let go of me.
-Hey, calm down.
What's going on?
Mr. Arnon.
I'm sorry for causing trouble
between you and Sin.
You still respect someone
who harasses you like that?
I truly admire you.
But next time,
if you stop me again, I'll come after you.
Oh?
Wait, how could you take it out on her?
The one who caused the trouble
is Mr. Jirasin, not Ms. Kluay.
It's fine. Let Mr. Warat
think whatever he wants.
I'm going to finish the job at the
rose arbor house and leave Vanich anyway.
As for helping Sin like Mrs. Wanee asked,
I'll have to find a way
to turn it down again.
No.
You have to keep working for me.
Jirasin mocked me,
said I'm a kid with no parents.
If he said that,
it means he knows something.
I need to find out who I am.
You're not lying to me, right?
About the omen,
about the woman in the photo.
Yes. Ms. Mysterious
really wants us to help.
And I believe
she's connected to you.
Then you have to stay
and help me investigate this.
Can you?
See? If you had just called me,
I guarantee Jirasin would've been wrecked.
Ugh.
Sin is stronger than before.
Don't fight with him, Som.
Why doesn't he just sue us
and be done with it?
We didn't do anything,
yet he keeps forcing us to be guilty.
This is insane.
Well, Sin and Lakkana only had each other.
When Lak died,
of course Sin was devastated.
But hasn't this gone on long enough?
Som, help me think of a way
to turn down Mrs. Wanee's job.
Ugh, what should I do?
How do I even tell her?
Just tell her Jirasin is crazy
and you can't work with him.
Are you nuts, Som?
Ugh.
I really wish I had
even a fraction of your boldness.
Stop it. Being kind like this suits you.
Let me handle being the villain.
I'll help you think.
Your current contract is still ongoing.
Then… you could just
ditch everything and run.
Whoa. Are you crazy? How could I do that?
This doesn't work, that doesn't work.
But I think you don't need to be afraid.
You have Mr. Warat.
Jirasin wouldn't dare challenge Warat,
the real grandson.
But I haven't agreed yet to help him.
But you already promised…
Ms. Mysterious, didn't you?
Aunt Nong, I'm back.
Hey, Sin, when you're free,
come help me fix the storage room door.
I just fixed it last week.
It's broken again already? What is this?
It wasn't very sturdy,
so I bought a new one to replace it.
And what's wrong with you, Sin?
Where's this bad mood coming from?
It's Warat. Just like you said,
he's really playing the big shot.
Sin, you ran into Warat already?
Sin, you should get close to Warat.
Build a relationship with him.
If Mrs. Wanee legally adopts you,
you should get to know him
and don't fight with him.
But I don't really agree with that.
Why does Sin have to
rely on Warat so much?
Everything Sin achieved at Vanich,
he did on his own.
Sin's capable.
That's why Mrs. Wanee favors him.
He oversees all engineering at Vanich.
She'd be stupid not to keep
someone that talented.
Alright, alright.
Just don't say I didn't warn you
when the time comes.
No matter what, Warat is going to
end up in charge of Vanich.
Sin is like my own nephew.
Everything I've said is out of goodwill.
Yes.
Ah, look at him.
Aren't you eating?
I'm annoyed.
No matter how much time passes,
I'll never understand.
Warat is just an ex-lover's child.
Why does Uncle Rut care about him so much?
No matter how many times you ask,
I can only say I don't know.
All I know is that Warat
is Praewilai's son,
the woman he loved so much.
He probably wants us
to love Warat
the same way he loved Praewilai.
A horrible woman like Praewilai,
who destroyed my family,
will never be loved by anyone.
How dare he tell me
to treat her son like family?
Let's put Uncle Rut's story aside for now.
If you dwell on everything,
we'll never move forward.
Alright.
But as of now,
Mrs. Wanee
is paying
for what her daughter
Praewilai did to your family.
And she's doing exactly
what she said she would.
Mrs. Wanee always tells everyone
that I'm like her adopted son.
Just "like."
But not truly one yet.
I've never forgotten what I need to do.
The Vanichs
will pay us back to the very end.
Hearing that…
I can't help thinking of your mother.
When that day comes,
Naree will finally rest in peace.
Kluay, Kluay, wake up.
Ms. Mysterious, please let me sleep.
I'll dedicate merit to you.
Don't want merit?
If you don't want merit,
then what do you want?
Help me.
I want to help, really, but…
Kluay, are you awake, dear?
Uh…
Ms. Mysterious, please go for now.
I don't want Mama Toi to see you.
Help me.
Kluay, who are you talking to?
Open the door for me.
Help me.
Kluay. Kluay.
Okay, fine, I'll help. But for now,
please go.
-Kluay, is something wrong?
-Uh…
No, Mom.
Alright, go back to sleep.
Okay.
Why did I even promise her?
Why are there two sets?
Mr. Warat ordered them.
What was he thinking?
Then add his favorite passion fruit
and carrot juice for him too.
Yes, ma'am.
-Good morning, Grandma.
-Oh.
Warat.
Thank you for having breakfast
with me today.
Not just today, Grandma.
From now on, I'll have breakfast
with you every morning.
And I'll go to the Vanich office as well.
You should've thought this way
a long time ago.
I'm really happy. Thank you, dear.
You should thank Jirasin.
He's the reason I decided
to step in and take care of Vanich
before everything gets taken over.
Lately, the majority shareholders
have been acquaintances of Jirasin.
Don't you find that strange?
His pawns?
I don't have solid proof yet,
but I don't think it's anything else.
But if
the majority shareholders
are Jirasin's people,
that means the position of
the next Chair of Vanich
could be in Jirasin's hands.
He could be selected.
Isn't that a bit too easy?
That's the company's rules and traditions.
But I think it's time.
What do you think I should do?
Whatever I say,
you never believe me anyway.
That's why I have to act, so you can see.
Jirasin is just doing his job,
following the assignments I gave him.
Don't overthink it, Rat.
Besides, I still
owe a lot to his family.
Another thing I don't know about.
Because it has nothing to do with you.
Why would I burden you with troubles?
It's funny, Grandma.
It's your own story,
yet I have no right to know it.
As if I weren't really your grandson.
Stop it right now, Warat.
You have no right
to raise your voice at me.
It's you
-who should stop thinking this way.
-Warat.
You talked about my rights, didn't you?
Then it should be me
who gets to choose
what I should or shouldn't do,
not you drawing the lines for me.
How many people whose lives
-you've drawn for and ended up ruined?
-Stop it right now, Warat!
From now on,
whether I do something or not
won't be because you order me to.
I'll do things
because it's what I should do.
This area is almost done.
Just a little finishing work,
and we should be able to hand it over.
I think no later than Friday.
-Yes.
-Okay.
-Alright. Thank you.
-Yes.
Hey.
I was just about to go find you.
I didn't want to see you.
Not even a minute,
and you're already picking a fight?
If you have something to say,
say it quickly.
Do you want to listen or not?
Whatever.
Hey.
Ms. Mysterious came to see me.
And last night, I promised I'd help her.
That's good.
It's good that I get to help her
and help with your mother's matter.
But it's not good
that I'll have to see Sin.
Why?
So you're saying
I look pathetic that I can't protect you?
-That's not what I meant.
-Then,
don't mention that bastard again.
I don't want to hear his name. Okay?
Okay.
Come on. Let's get to work.
I can't today. I'm very busy.
I have a lot to clear up here first.
This is my house.
So there's no need to rush.
-Mr. Warat.
-Go.
Ow.
What's wrong?
Are you okay?
I… I saw…
I saw you injured.
Did I die?
Huh?
Ah, okay.
If it's not deadly, then it's fine.
Let's go.
Hey, why would you say
something like that?
Well, hurry up and go see Mr. Arnon.
So we can investigate what really happened
and find actual evidence.
Come.
-No need. I can walk on my own.
-Okay.
There goes my work day…
This room used to be
where our legal department stored
all of Vanich's important documents.
But after moving to the new building,
this room was vacant.
So I planned to turn this place
into our secret meeting room.
It's like we're some kind
of secret organization.
Something like that.
HELPED A BEDRIDDEN PATIENT
That's Dad.
This is a society page newspaper article.
It must be from before you were born.
I found it at the newspaper archive.
Alright, let's do this
slowly at first, so we don't lose our way.
This is Mrs. Praewilai,
your mother.
She died by falling off a building.
Back then, you must have been very young,
too young to remember anything.
I don't understand.
Why did everyone hide the truth
about my mother from me?
At home,
there isn't a single photo of her.
This is the first time I've ever
seen her picture. How pathetic.
That's what we still have to find out.
They hid the truth about my mother,
yet openly revealed
that my father married another woman,
your Ms. Mysterious.
Oh?
Mine? You dream about her too, don't you?
I think this woman must have been
someone Mr. Wichan loved very much.
Otherwise, the photo
would've been destroyed already,
certainly by Mrs. Wanee.
I already told you that Grandma ordered
everything at the rose arbor house
to be thrown away.
I think that included
these photos as well.
If we still have the photo,
we can make use of it.
I took a photo of it.
Oh.
Then why didn't you tell me?
You didn't ask.
That woman
married Dad.
Then why does she appear in my dreams?
Or could she actually be your mother?
I think it's possible.
Otherwise, she wouldn't
have appeared in your dreams for decades.
The fact that she's followed you
for so many years
might mean
she wanted to meet…
Ms. Kluay.
No, it's not like that.
I'm just a medium, Mr. Arnon.
That's exactly it.
Maybe Ms. Mysterious
has been waiting for both of you.
I won't say I'm happy about that.
Kluay, you have to take responsibility
for what you promised her.
Twice already. The first time
was at the rose arbor house.
The second time, you can't escape it now.
I never planned to run away.
Let's say I'll just do my best.
Grandma didn't leave any
of the old staff for us to question.
What should we do next?
There is nothing in this world
that moves without leaving a trace.
Why didn't I think of this
back when I was at my father's funeral?
There had to be someone there who knew.
We still have the 100-day merit ceremony.
Right.
Oh.
Even though there may not be
as many guests as at the funeral,
I believe we can still find clues
from the guests or from Ms. Mysterious.
Yes.
With so few guests,
will we really get anything?
Mrs. Wanee only invited
close acquaintances.
Don't feel discouraged yet.
We might find something very important.
Okay.
I'll head over there first then.
Sure.
I'm fine, thank you.
Yes.
May I help you?
Sure.
Where are you going?
Do you really think I want to see you?
Uh.
Excuse me, I'll go help out.
I was just asking where Mrs. Wanee is.
Mrs. Wanee is… over there.
What's going on?
Hello, Mr. Warat.
Please accept my condolences once again.
I told you already, didn't I?
If anyone behaves badly toward you,
report it to me immediately.
Today is an important day for your father.
I think you should learn to let go,
at least for one day.
Even I, an outsider, know
that I should avoid conflict today.
Get lost before I lose my patience.
Alright.
I don't have much time today anyway.
I need to take an important guest
to see Mrs. Wanee.
Wait, wait.
Wait. Stop.
-Sin.
-Yes.
That man is Wichan's son, right?
Yes. That's Warat.
Should we go talk to Mrs. Wanee first?
She might not even welcome us.
Don't forget we're uninvited guests.
Let's go.
Uh.
Who is that?
I don't know,
but it feels strange.
Thank you. Please, go ahead.
Oh, Jirasin.
I must apologize
for not helping since early this morning.
It's fine.
I was just asking Supol about you.
I was wondering where you were.
Mom, uh…
There are guests who wish to attend,
but they weren't invited.
So I brought them to you first
to see if you'd be okay with it.
They wanted to attend this?
-Yes.
-Who are they?
Hello, ma'am.
Please accept my condolences.
Thank you.
Mom, this is
Aunt Anong, my biological aunt.
And this is Uncle Sarut,
my uncle-in-law.
I didn't think
you cared about Wichan's affairs,
so I didn't invite you.
If you could abandon your wife and child,
then our friendship ends there.
Go ahead.
You wanna end our friendship
over this? You don't know me at all.
Go ahead.
You get to play the saint all by yourself.
-Sarut!
-Yeah! Why?
Stop, both of you.
It's alright.
I hesitated for a long time about coming,
worried I might disturb you.
But after thinking it through,
this is a major merit-making ceremony.
The 100-day merit
is the final act of merit
dedicated to the deceased.
Wichan was my friend.
So I came to pay my respects.
Thank you on Wichan's behalf.
-Take good care of the guests, Sin.
-Yes, Mom.
Sin, take me to meet Wichan's son.
Yes.
That's him?
Jirasin's important guest?
I think there's definitely
something hidden,
some ulterior motive.
That's why he brings strangers
into an event like this.
What did you see?
NEXT EPISODE
But there must be something
that made those two
choose to appear at today's ceremony.
If you do anything to Kluay,
it's the same as doing it to me.
Because right now, we're dating.
This girl?
Subtitle translation by: Panuwat Baikeawon